FIRST ANCESTOR:
O Savior of China,
you have ennobled
the House of Fa.
In gratitude,
we honor you.
All veneration to you,
O mighty...
MUSHU: Say it.
Say my name.
Mushu.
Now, that's what
I'm talking about.
Hey, how you
doing up there, man?
Thanks for the intro.
(GROANS)
And now I think
I'd like to visit my
beloved pedestal.
Let's get it
over with.
(ANCESTORS GRUMBLING)
Ceremonial robe
of honor.
Ooh, if Mulan
could see me now.
(LAUGHS)
(SIGHS)
Mulan saves China one time,
and now he thinks
he's the emperor.
MUSHU: I'm climbing
a stairway to heaven.
Whoo. Top floor.
Pedestals,
perks and props.
Ceremonial bath of honor.
(BOTH GRUNT)
Ooh, yeah.
Y'all better take
a deep breath now,
because I ain't leaving
my pedestal for the next
thousand years.
(ANCESTORS SIGH)
Let the whirlpool begin.
Oh, yeah.
(HUMMING)
According to this chart,
I put the coins here. Mm-hm.
Relax, child.
The spirits tell me
Shang will arrive
and propose to Mulan
before the sun sets.
There's still time
to get in on the pool.
Mother.
Gambling is like
playing mah-jongg
with blank tiles.
No one really wins.
I'm enriched by
your presence, my son.
Hmm?
I, uh,
think I'll
go pray.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
FA LI: Hello, Sha-Ron.
Is Fa Mulan here?
Why, she's out
in the field.
Ha, ha.
Yeah, doing
her chores.
Oh. I'll go help her.
Ah, thank you.
(SIGHS)
The children all
love Mulan.
And why not?
She's strong,
she's brave,
she's beautiful.
(LAUGHS)
She's a chip
off the old block.
(GRUNTING)
Hi-ya!
(CHIRPS)
(GRUNTS)
Hi-ya!
GIRLS: Hi-ya!
Whoa!
Hiya.
(BARKING)
It's okay, Little Brother.
What's going on here?
We wanna be
like you, Fa Mulan.
Ya! Ya! Hi-ya!
(GIRLS AND MULAN GIGGLE)
But I'm still
learning myself.
Please?
GIRLS: Teach us, Mulan.
Show us.
Okay. I guess I
can show a few moves.
Mulan's gonna teach us
how to kick butt.
(GIRLS CHEERING)
(MULAN LAUGHS)
Whoa, hold it.
Calm down.
That's lesson number two.
The first and
most important lesson
is to be gentle
at the same time
we're being tough.
How can you be
tough and gentle?
Yeah, I wanna
be tough. Ha!
GIRLS: Yeah!
I know it does sound
a little funny, huh?
But the world is
full of opposites,
and so are you.
To be a good warrior,
you must bring it
all into balance.
Hmm. Let's see
if this helps.
Earth, sky, day, night.
Sound and silence.
Dark and light.
Ha-ha-ha.
♪ One alone is not enough
♪ You need both together
BOTH: Aah! Hmm.
♪ Winter, summer
Moon and Sun
♪ Lesson number one
GIRLS: Wow.
♪ Like a rock
Ha! Ha!
♪ You must be hard
♪ Like an oak
Mah!
♪ You must stand firm
Ha! Ha!
♪ Cut quick
♪ Like my blade
GIRLS: Huh!
♪ Think fast
Ha! Ha!
♪ Unafraid
(CHIRPS)
GIRLS:
♪ Like a rock
Ha! Ha!
♪ I must be hard
♪ Like an oak
Mah!
♪ I must stand firm
Ha! Ha!
♪ Cut quick
♪ Like my blade
♪ Think fast
Ha! Ha!
♪ Unafraid
(CHUCKLES)
Okay, Mulan,
I'm ready.
Uh-huh. But you're
still out of balance.
You're only
halfway there.
♪ Like a cloud
You are soft
♪ Like bamboo
You bend in the wind
♪ Creeping slow
You're at peace
because you know
♪ It's okay to be afraid
(CHIRPS)
GIRLS:
♪ Like a cloud
I am soft
♪ Like bamboo
I bend in the wind
♪ Creeping slow
I'm at peace
because I know
♪ It's okay
to be afraid
(BARKING)
MULAN:
♪ One alone is
not enough
GIRLS:
♪ One alone is
not enough
♪ You need
both together
♪ Winter, summer
Moon and sun
MULAN AND GIRLS:
♪ Lesson number one
(GIGGLES)
♪ Like a cloud
♪ Like a rock, ha! Ha!
♪ I am soft
♪ I must be hard,
ha! Ha!
♪ Like bamboo
♪ Like an oak, mah!
♪ I bend in the wind
♪ I must stand firm
MULAN:
♪ You can fly
♪ I'm at peace
because I know
♪ Cut quick
like my blade
♪ Think fast
♪ It's okay to
be afraid
♪ Unafraid
♪ You have begun
GIRLS:
♪ Lesson number one
Lesson number one
♪ Lesson number one ♪
(NEIGHING)
Aah, it's General Shang.
General Shang.
It's Shang.
GIRL: Look,
it's General Shang.
(LAUGHS)
Hello, little warriors.
(GIRLS GIGGLING)
The new uniform
suits you, General.
Oh, the uniform.
Yes.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Now I just have
to live up to it.
Of course you will.
You're very brave.
Oh, right. Brave.
Yes, well, ahem,
Mulan, I haven't known
you for very long,
but I feel that
doesn't matter so much
when a man is in...
When a man is in...
(GIGGLING)
Is there someplace
private we can talk?
We can go to my house.
Ha, ha. Okay, everybody,
time to be like
the river and flow home.
GIRL 1: Oh, okay.
GIRL 2: Oh, no.
GIRL 3: Bye, Shang.
GIRL 4: Bye, Shang.
Bye, Mulan.
GIRL 5: See you.
Could you take
care of this for me?
Aah!
(SQUEALS)
(GIGGLES)
You know,
you're never gonna
get that back.
(SHANG CHUCKLES)
(MULAN YELLS)
(BOTH LAUGH)
Ha, ha.
She said yes.
(SIGHS)
When one's heart is
overfilled with joy,
some may spill
from the eyes.
You can say that again.
I win the pot.
Ha-ha-ha.
Actually, you bet
he would propose
before sundown.
I bet he would
propose before noon.
But, uh,
you don't gamble.
Betting against my mother
is not a gamble.
It's an investment.
(GROANS)
(SOBBING)
Oh, what a happy,
happy day.
My little baby's
getting married.
Shh. Mushu,
someone will hear you.
I can't help it.
You know dragons
are very emotional.
Oh, it seems like
just last month you and I
were saving China.
It was last month.
How time flies.
You know, baby,
this must be
a magical moment for you.
It's not every day
I get engaged.
No, I meant telling
me you're engaged.
(CHIRPS)
After all,
I'm the guy that gave you
and Pretty Boy the hookup.
Am I a guardian
or am I a guardian?
Ha, ha.
Oh, you're more
than that, Mushu.
You're my most
trusted friend.
Oh, that did it.
(SNIFFLES)
Are you crying again?
No, I just got
some exfoliating cream
in my eye.
Of course I'm crying, girl.
What you think?
Oh, Mulan.
I'm just so happy
for me.
Heh. You?
Uh... Hmm?
This wedding business
is a big status boost for me.
When those ancestors
look up the career ladder,
all they gonna
see is my behind.
So glad my getting married
is helping you out, Mushu.
All right,
I get you, Miss Missy.
But, you know,
I'm thinking
about you too.
In fact,
I'm gonna plan
your wedding.
First,
I gotta work me up a theme.
You know, theme is everything.
How about Rainbow
of Memories, huh?
No, that's too
junior prom.
I've got it.
The theme is Think Pink.
You know,
pink is the new red, girl.
It's simple, it says it.
Now, watch my smoke.
MULAN: Ha, ha.
Cri-Kee, to
the fabric store.
(CRI-KEE CHIRPS)
Ha, ha.
Mulan?
Seems your grandma
invited someone
to help us
celebrate the
engagement.
Really? Who?
China.
CROWD:
Congratulations!
(CROWD CHEERING)
Isn't it wonderful?
Sorry, it's sort
of slapdash.
It took us by surprise,
you know?
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Make way for
the happy couple.
(GONG RINGS)
Now, this is
a battlefield.
What's our
strategy, General?
Divide and conquer.
(BOTH LAUGH)
All right, all right,
all right, dead people,
we've got work to do,
so let's move
with purpose.
(ANCESTORS GRUMBLING)
I've got
an important announcement
to make.
Hold on to your
ectoplasm, now.
Mulan's getting married.
(CHEERING)
All right, all right,
all right, simmer down.
I know just
how you feel.
But time is wasting, people,
so let's move, move, move.
The theme is pink.
I wanna see pink flowers,
pink ribbons, pink bows.
I'm not talking
about salmon.
Don't show me no blush.
I mean, pink
as a freshly slapped
newborn's behind.
How about a pink slip?
Excuse me?
Don't nobody wanna
see your drawers.
Huh?
Actually,
she meant this.
Hey, this looks like
a for-real pink slip.
You know, like
a "you're fired"
pink slip.
Oh, it is.
Say what?
Ow.
The pink slip
is for you.
Aah!
It is written,
once a woman marries,
her husband's ancestors
take over
the duty of guardianship.
Ha, ha.
Oh, no, your scroll
must have a typo.
That can't be.
Oh, but it is.
You're out of a job.
Out of a pedestal.
And out of
our hair, fool.
(GRUNTS)
Oh, no, no, no.
I ain't going out
like this.
It took me 500 years
to get this pedestal back,
and I ain't
about to give it up.
Hear me,
you lazy lounge lizard.
The moment
Fa Mulan is married,
you've got your old job back.
Remember gong duty?
Perhaps this will
ring a bell.
(ANCESTORS LAUGHING)
♪ Mushu's on his way out
Mushu's on his way out
(SIGHS)
What am I gonna do?
♪ Mushu's on his way out ♪
(LAUGHS)
So tell me,
will it be
a big wedding?
Absolutely.
Oh, no.
Absolutely not.
WOMAN: Children?
As many as possible.
Maybe one or two.
CHILDREN: Ha, ha.
SHANG:
We'll think about it.
MULAN: Right away.
Blue. Mild.
Pink. Spicy.
Yes.
No.
Oh, dear.
Did you hear that?
Not exactly
a harmonious couple,
are they?
What should we do?
Perhaps we
should give our gift
to the children now.
(GATES BANG OPEN)
(CROWD GASPS)
General Shang, Fa Mulan.
Orders from His
Majesty the Emperor.
Is there trouble?
EMISSARY: Yes, sir.
Report to the
Imperial Palace.
We'll leave at once.
This must be pretty important
for the Emperor
to want both of us.
He knows a winning team
when he sees one.
Pfft! Since when
are they
the winning team?
The ink ain't even
dry on my pink slip
and I'm being replaced.
(CHIRPING)
Yeah, I know,
you're right.
How could I have
been so selfish?
Look at them.
Those two clearly
got it going on.
Cri-Kee, I've
made a decision.
I gotta kiss my
pedestal goodbye,
because my girl's
happiness comes first.
(CHIRPS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Ba-ba. Ma-ma.
We were just admiring
the Mudan tree.
It's so lovely this year.
The blossoms reach
for the sunlight above,
yet unseen,
the roots reach for
the rainwater below.
Sun and rain,
so different.
Yet only by working together
do they create
harmony and life.
I know, Ba-ba.
The lesson of
yin and yang.
And to help you
remember that lesson...
Father, Mother.
Your necklaces.
Not ours.
Our great-great-
grandparents.
And now, yours.
Thank you, sir.
Oh, they're
so beautiful.
But you'll be surprised
how heavily they can weigh.
To share the burden,
you must work together.
Like the
sun and rain.
Wait a minute.
Old man Fa Zhou
got a point now.
Mulan and Shang
are as different
as sun and rain.
And when
the infatuation
wears off,
their tree of life's
gonna wind up with
root rot.
(CHIRPS)
Oh, yeah,
sure she seems happy.
That's the real
tragedy here.
The girl don't even realize
how miserable she is.
(CHIRPS)
That's why I
gotta nip this thing
in the bud.
(CHIRPING)
This is not about
my pedestal.
This is about Mulan
making the biggest
mistake of my...
Uh, I mean,
her life.
(CHIRPING)
Man, how could I
have been so selfish?
Mulan's a girl
worth fighting for.
And after all,
I am the girl's
guardian.
Cri-Kee,
I'm gonna break them up.
(CHIRPS)
Oh. So I guess that means
you're on board.
Uh, Mulan,
could you smooth out
the ride a little bit?
Oh, I'm getting horsesick.
Mushu.
What are you
doing here?
Hey, whither thou go,
I goest, girl.
Remember,
teamwork isn't about ego,
it's about we go.
(CHIRPS)
Cri-Kee.
What are you doing here?
(LAUGHS)
(CHIRPS)
Protect Mulan from me?
I'm her guardian.
(CHIRPS)
Yeah, yeah,
her lucky cricket.
You're lucky
I don't break out
the bug spray.
THE EMPEROR:
As we stand here,
Mongol forces
are moving closer
to our border.
The threat of attack
is growing every day.
As it is, our army is
hopelessly outnumbered.
Your Majesty,
let me lead my forces
in a preemptive strike.
Each of my warriors
will fight
like 10 Mongols.
No, General.
I plan to defeat this enemy
without the use of force.
Instead, we will
forge a union so strong,
the Mongol hordes
won't dare attack.
An alliance
with the kingdom
of Qui Gong.
We will become united
through marriage.
You will escort
three princesses
to Qui Gong.
There, they will marry
Lord Chin's sons...
What?
And seal this
critical alliance.
Yes, Your Majesty.
My advisors tell me
the charts are clear.
If this wedding
does not take place
in three days,
the alliance will crumble
and the Mongols
will destroy us.
Mark my words,
General, three days.
Not a moment more,
Your Majesty.
I know that face, Fa Mulan.
What troubles you?
Your Majesty,
an arranged marriage?
Rest assured, child,
my daughters know
exactly what
they are doing.
Your daughters?
They consider it an honor
to marry in
the cause of peace.
Your Majesty,
I, uh...
Apology accepted.
General, how many troops
do you estimate you will need
to accomplish
this mission?
Three.
Three companies?
Three men.
You surprise me, General.
These are my children.
This mission does
not call for force,
but finesse.
We must become one
with the countryside.
As Emperor,
I trust you.
As a father,
I implore you
to choose your
three soldiers wisely.
I know just the men.
Fearless.
Loyal.
And disciplined.
China's most honorable
and noble soldiers.
THE MATCHMAKER:
And stay out!
(ALL GRUNT)
I've found wives
for hundreds of men.
But the Golden
Dragon of Unity himself
couldn't make
love matches
for you three.
Come back when you
get personalities.
Well, that's a fine way
to treat China's greatest...
Ow! Heroes.
What's her problem?
All I asked for was a girl
who would worship
the dirt I walk on.
I simply asked for someone
who would cook for me
morning,
noon and night.
And I just wanted a girl
who likes to laugh.
And thinks I'm a god.
Perhaps we weren't
specific enough.
Aw, forget
that dragon lady.
The only ones
who can find girls
worthy of us is us.
Yeah.
♪ Well, I don't need her
To be all smug and snooty
♪ I got a plaque right here
That says I kicked Hun booty
♪ We have everything
We dreamed we'd find
♪ When we came back
from war
ALL:
♪ Yeah, everything but
♪ A girl worth
fighting for
Hey, suck in
your gut.
ALL:
♪ There's a girl
worth fighting for
LING:
And I think she wants
us to come over.
♪ My girl will laugh
at all my jokes
♪ But tell it
to me straight
♪ She'll rub my head
when I get sick
♪ And let me
pick off of her plate
CHIEN-PO:
♪ If Ling can find a girl
Who likes his
chopstick nose trick
♪ Oh, he really
better just
propose quick
(SOLDIERS GRUNT)
♪ Well, I have to say
Based on today I'm cranky
♪ I'll just spend
my life with you two
♪ Pass the hanky
♪ And there's no one there
To steal my chair
♪ And twirl around
the floor
SOLDIERS:
♪ Wish that I had
A girl worth fighting for
(MEN GROAN)
♪ I would be true
To a girl worth fighting
♪ I'd make fondue
For a girl worth fighting
♪ I'd even kiss you
(SOLDIERS GRUNT)
SOLDIERS:
♪ For ♪
Mulan. General Shang.
Ha-ha-ha.
If you three aren't too busy
disturbing the peace,
I need you to
join Mulan and me
on a mission.
To save China?
Naturally.
I'll be leaving behind
a few broken hearts,
but count me in.
Sign me up.
When do we
start, General?
Tonight.
Huh?
(SIGHS)
We're about to depart,
Your Highnesses.
You have my word
we will arrive
swiftly and safely.
My sisters and I
thank you,
General Shang.
Permit me to
introduce Fa Mulan.
It is a privilege
to meet the hero
of China.
I leave you in
her capable hands.
Stand ready.
You might need these.
It's a little chilly.
Thank you, Fa Mulan.
You're welcome,
Your Highness.
So, you're
getting married?
Oh, yes.
To princes in Qui Gong.
TING TING:
That's right.
Well, they must
be handsome.
SU: We don't know.
We've never met them.
Really?
So you have no idea
what they're like at all.
TING TING:
It's all right,
Fa Mulan.
It's our honor to
serve the Emperor.
And the
Middle Kingdom.
The whole thing
is so exciting.
We're very
happy, really.
Well, I'm glad
to hear that.
I'm not sure I could go
through with some...
SHANG:
Mulan, prepare
to move out.
Um, time to get going.
(PRINCESSES SIGH)
SHANG: Move out.
(SIGHS)
If we get to the Honshu pass
by midday tomorrow...
We'll have just enough time
to make it to Qui Gong.
Yeah, just enough
time to stop Mulan
from making
the biggest mistake
of my...
Uh, I mean,
uh, her life.
(HORSE NEIGHS)
(SIGHS)
What's the face?
What face?
That face.
There's no face.
This is my face,
that's all.
You know I know you
better than that, Mulan.
What's wrong?
(SIGHS)
I realize our duty
is to the mission...
But...
But I have
another duty.
To my heart.
Oh, Mulan,
your only duty is
to the Emperor.
But, Shang,
an arranged marriage?
I know, but not everyone
can be as lucky as we are.
In an ideal world,
everyone would
marry for love.
(SIGHS)
But the world
isn't perfect.
I'm just glad
my world is.
Hmm.
"My world."
Talk about selfish.
You know,
you don't hear me bragging
about how it's my world,
even though
it pretty much is.
I'm telling you, Cri-Kee,
the sooner I
bust them apart,
the better things
will be for Mulan.
And so I said,
you just broke my
best set of China.
(LAUGHS)
China. Get it?
Did you see
the way she
looked at me?
You mean
with disgust?
(LING AND CHIEN-PO LAUGH)
No.
Our eyes met
and we shared
a cosmic moment.
Oh! Just like when I look
at potted pig's knuckles.
(LAUGHS)
It's love,
I tell you.
Love.
Love, shmove.
It doesn't matter,
we're on a mission.
No fraternizing
with the princesses.
Engaged-to-be-married
princesses.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
China is so big.
Isn't it beautiful, Mei?
Mei?
Oh! Yes, beautiful.
Did you see
the way he
looked at me?
Who, the gorilla
with the bad eye?
Gorilla? He's more like
a big cuddly panda bear.
But you didn't
even talk to him.
A true romantic
can tell.
He may be coarse
on the outside,
but on the inside...
He's gross?
I mean, under that.
He smells?
Ow!
I can see
past my nose.
Deep down,
deep, deep down,
way down,
there's something.
Oh, ha, ha.
Ting Ting,
I think she's in love.
Oh, no.
There will be
none of that.
Remember, Mei,
you are to be married
in three days.
You gave your
solemn oath.
You're right.
SHANG: Whoa.
We're stopping to
water the horses,
Your Highnesses.
Maybe you'd like to
stretch your legs?
Are the, uh,
guard fellows
out there?
Oh, yes.
You're perfectly safe.
I think a leg stretch
would be very nice.
(GIGGLES)
(HUMMING)
Oops.
Huh?
Thank you for helping me
with my slipper.
Ow!
May I know your name?
Uh... Now.
Dow. Cow. Bao?
No, you must eat.
It must be exhausting
guarding us day and night.
Oh, no. Well, yes,
but I'm strong,
and marching.
Yes, I suppose
all that training
does make it
second nature.
Ha, ha.
But I think, uh, you,
a princess, with royal...
Oh, I could never...
But it is our duty,
and our honor.
Although it can
be a burden.
Oh, I've said too much.
You are very easy
to talk to, Yao.
Permit me to
echo your praise,
Your Highness.
I find your presence
engaging and your
conversation sparkling.
Thank you.
(GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
(SU GIGGLES)
Humph.
Well, hello there.
I am Ling.
I am Princess Ting Ting.
Well, if you ever need me,
just give me a ting-a-ling.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, come on,
Your Highness.
You don't wanna
let your guard down.
Get it? Guard? Down?
Thank you.
Ha-ha-ha.
(MOANS)
You know,
I've got some
blue blood myself.
Many have called
me a royal pain.
Thank you.
Ugh.
You've been
a great crowd.
(SIGHS)
Ha, ha. Ting Ting, look,
isn't this fruit lovely?
Chien-Po got it for me.
He's so sweet.
Just get your pomegranates
in the carriage.
(CHUCKLES)
Fa Mulan?
Your Highness.
Is anything wrong?
No, no, not at all.
Are you sure?
Uh...
I just wanted to
compliment you.
You were so brave
to take your father's
place in the army.
Oh, well, thank you.
Your duty was
to stay home,
but your heart told you
to break the rules.
How did you decide
between duty and heart?
(GRUNTS)
Well, it wasn't easy.
But, uh,
by following my feelings,
I wound up doing
the right thing.
I guess I learned
that my duty is
to my heart.
"My duty is
to my heart."
Yes, that makes sense.
That's marvelous.
Thank you, Fa Mulan.
Thank you.
You're welcome,
I guess.
SHANG:
Let's get back
on the road.
Aha.
That's my cue
to put Operation Shang
into action.
Pretty Boy's
gonna look so bad,
it will send Mulan
running for the hills.
This is gonna
be delicious.
Ah.
Hmm.
Mm-mm-mm.
Watch this.
(GRUNTS)
Hey. What?
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
Hey.
Good catch, Shang.
Ha-ha-ha.
(GROWLS)
Ah!
(CHUCKLES)
Oh!
(MUTTERING INDISTINCTLY)
(HORSE WHINNIES)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
(GROANS)
Oh. Shang? Oh.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
(GROWLS)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPS)
(NEIGHS)
(SHANG SCREAMING)
(BEAR GROWLS)
Oh!
Oh.
Ah!
Hey.
Mm, ha, ha. Tasty.
(GROWLS AND GASPS)
(HORSE NEIGHS)
(MUSHU GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
Ugh. I try and I try.
I put my heart and soul
into busting them up.
And what do I have
to show for it?
(LAUGHS)
A cricket laughs
in my face.
Oh,
I just can't do
it anymore.
Oh, great ancestors,
I throw myself at
your mercy.
My pedestal is all
but a distant memory.
(CHIRPS)
Great Spirits,
take me now.
(SCREAMS)
(PRINCESSES SCREAMING)
(SOLDIERS GASP)
(MUSHU GRUNTING)
Hold on, ladies.
Help! We'll save you.
Look out, a cliff!
SHANG:
They're headed
for the cliff.
Come on.
Hyah. Hyah.
Time to go, ladies.
Ting Ting, over here.
Go.
Aah!
TING TING:
You're next.
No, no, no.
YAO: Alley-oop.
Take my arm.
(GRUNTS)
SHANG: Ling.
Ting Ting's stuck.
Mulan, the rope.
Hyah.
(ALL SCREAM)
YAO: Hang on.
(ALL GASP)
(COUGHING)
Is everyone all right?
Mei, I'll save you.
I saved the food.
And I saved you.
Aah!
Mulan.
(COUGHS)
What happened?
I don't know,
I wasn't near
the carriage.
Yao, Ling.
Save the supplies.
Keep paddling.
Oh, look how great
you're doing.
Who's the big boy?
Thank you.
(CHIRPING)
My fault?
(CHIRPS)
This wasn't my plan.
Wagon's busted,
cold and miserable,
everything's ruined.
Or maybe not.
Old Shang's steaming
like a fresh pork bun.
(CHUCKLES)
I bet he and Mulan
are two nasty words away
from an all-out feud.
Oh, Cri-Kee, things are
brightening up after all.
(MUSHU SIGHS)
(CHIRPS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
I've seen happier
princesses.
That's the least
of our problems.
(GRUNTS)
There's a mountain pass
between here and Qui Gong.
It takes us
through bandit country,
but it's the only way.
Why not just
follow the river?
Because the river
is not on the map.
It's bound to
go past a town.
And where there's a town,
there's a road.
There's no town
on the map.
Well, then maybe we should
just forget
the map and wing it.
We can't "wing it."
We need a new plan.
We have three days.
What if we get lost?
Then we pull over
and ask directions.
We don't need to pull over
We have a map.
What is it with men
and asking directions?
What is it with
women and maps?
Oh, you're saying
women can't read maps?
I'm saying that
women will
ask directions,
but they won't
follow directions.
Men follow directions,
so they don't need...
General, I... Oh.
Am I interrupting?
What is it, Yao?
Scout report.
I've found a village
and a path to it
through the forest.
(IN UNISON)
A forest path?
Great. Show us.
Ha, ha.
YAO: See?
If it were a snake,
it would have bit you.
There's bound to be
a road down there that
will lead us to Qui Gong.
Good work, Yao.
Thank you, sir.
Shang, I'm sorry.
You're in charge
of the mission.
No, I'm the one
who's sorry.
A good leader is
open to new ideas.
Forgive me?
Hmm.
There's nothing
to forgive.
BOTH: Mm.
BOTH: Oh.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Um, I'd better go.
I've got
the first watch, General.
But...
(CHIRPING)
Are you bugging?
Look at her go.
She can't wait to
get away from him.
(CHIRPING)
That's no smile,
that's a mask of pain.
(CHIRPS)
Yeah, well,
that was just
phase one
of my new
18-phase master plan.
Now, just watch phase two
when I get up close
(CHIRPS)
and personal.
(GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
Excuse me,
Your Highness,
I found your fan.
It just needed
a little drying out.
Oh, thank you, Ling.
Normally,
I would say I'm
your biggest fan,
but, uh, ugh,
I'll just go away now.
Again.
(GRUNTS)
Sorry.
Hee-hee-hee.
I'll replace that. Oh!
(MUTTERING)
Of course she
doesn't like you.
You're just
such a ding-a-ling.
(SU GIGGLES)
He likes you.
It would seem so.
And you like him.
Well, I appreciate that
he's a good soldier.
How can you
do that?
How can you look
right at someone,
realize you share
a special connection,
and then just...
I know where my
duty lies, Mei.
Do you?
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
"And so, my dear father,
I cannot
complete this mission.
"I have come to realize
that my duty is to my heart."
TING TING:
What are you doing?
(GASPS)
She's running away.
Mei, what are
you thinking?
I can't complete
this mission.
I know that now.
Why, because
Yao has given
you his heart?
No, it's not about
his heart.
It's about mine.
Mei, we've
discussed this.
A princess must
make every sacrifice
for her country.
It's our duty.
(CRYING)
♪ The life of a princess
♪ From her birth
is well-defined
♪ She must humbly
serve her country
♪ Play the part
she's been assigned
♪ She guards
the hopes of her people
♪ Weak and mighty,
rich and poor
♪ Who could ever
ask for more?
ask for
♪ Who could ever
(IN UNISON)
♪ More?
(GRUNTS)
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ Climb up a tree
like other girls can
(IN UNISON)
♪ Just to be free like
other girls get to be
Mei. Su.
♪ To slouch when I sit
♪ To eat a whole cake
♪ Feel the sun
on my feet
♪ Get dirty
♪ Act silly
(IN UNISON)
♪ Be anything I
want to be
♪ Dance around
♪ In my underwear
(GASPS)
BOTH:
♪ To run really fast
♪ To get rid
of this fan
♪ To eat a whole cake
♪ Get crazy
♪ With frosting
♪ No escorts
♪ No manners
♪ No nursemaids
(IN UNISON)
♪ No worries,
no hands folded perfect
♪ Like holding a lily
No pinchy shoes?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
ALL:
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ Scrape up my knee
like other girls can
♪ Just to be free
Like other girls
♪ Get to be
♪ To speak for myself
♪ To sing way off key
ALL:
♪ Marry someone
I've met
♪ Who loves me for me
♪ No escorts, no manners
No nursemaids, no worries
ALL:
♪ No hands folded perfect
♪ Like holding a lily
♪ No pinchy shoes
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ Climb up a tree
like other girls can
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ Get to be ♪
(ALL LAUGHING)
Huh.
(SHANG SNORING)
MUSHU:
She defied you.
She insulted you.
Man, she laughed
at your map.
My map.
And if she's
laughing to your face,
imagine what she's saying
behind your back.
Back. Oh, oh.
She's a loose cannon.
She's out of control.
I mean, who's
in charge here?
You?
I'm in charge,
I'm in charge.
Or Mulan? Mulan.
Mulan.
Mulan! Huh?
Oh.
(YAWNS)
(CLEARS THROAT)
General Shang?
Ahem. That's not it.
(IN HIGH VOICE)
General Shang?
Hello, it's me, Mulan.
General Shang.
(CLEARS THROAT)
(COUGHS)
(AS MULAN)
Shang, Shang, Shang.
(IN NORMAL VOICE)
Ooh, I got it.
(AS MULAN)
General Shang?
General Hardhead,
that's what they
should call him.
Everything's got
to have a strategy.
Mulan?
MUSHU: (AS MULAN)
The man won't
brush his teeth
without a backup plan.
What? Huh?
MUSHU: (AS MULAN)
I blame myself.
I fell for those
broad shoulders.
I didn't realize
there wasn't much
sitting on top of them.
(GASPS)
Oh, except for
that garlic breath.
(IN NORMAL VOICE)
Ooh, whee, that boy
can peel paint. Oops.
(GASPS)
That's enough.
Where is she?
(CHUCKLES)
I am good.
Mulan.
Why, hello, general.
Out on night maneuvers?
General Hardhead?
Brushing my teeth?
Um, is something wrong?
I heard you, Mulan.
Every word.
Every word of what?
Don't play coy.
I saw you outside
my tent.
What? I haven't
left my post.
And I suppose you weren't
gossiping about me
with the princesses?
Shang,
did that dip in the river
get you waterlogged?
And why are you talking
with your hand
over your mouth?
I wouldn't want
to peel your paint.
Changing of the guard.
And next time,
don't leave your post.
Humph.
What's with him?
(GRUNTS)
What's with her?
Who am I talking to?
Ugh. How could he
not believe me?
(CHIRPING)
I don't know,
girlfriend.
But I do know this.
Without trust,
there can be
no relationship.
And that man
don't trust you.
Maybe he was
just confused.
Please. First, you fussed
about the arranged marriage.
Then you fought
about which way
to Qui Gong.
Now, y'all feuding
over nothing.
It seems pretty
clear to me.
You're right.
(SIGHS)
Mushu,
I don't know
what to do.
Oh, I do.
It's simple.
Drop that boy like
a hot pot sticker.
Kick him to the curb.
Burn his letters
and dance around
the fire yelling,
"Happy days
are here again."
You know,
you have a point.
If this is the real Li Shang,
I don't like what I'm seeing.
I hope the tea
is still warm.
(WHISPERING INDISTINCTLY)
After you.
No, after you.
I said,
after you.
(ALL GRUNTING)
(PRINCESSES GASP)
You, I'm gonna...
MEI: Yao.
Huh?
Is everything
all right?
No.
I mean, yes.
You see, Chien-Po here
has always had a dream.
A dream?
A dream.
But I don't...
Oh, that dream.
A dream of
seeing a small village
in the middle of nowhere
by the moonlight.
How can we help?
Well,
if Your Highnesses
would consent
to come with us
to the village,
we could still guard you,
and Chien-Po
could have his dream.
My one chance to
be like other guys.
Can we? Can we?
Can we, please?
MEI: Oh, please,
come on.
SU: Oh, Ting Ting,
please.
Sounds like fun.
MEI AND SU:
Hurray! Hurray!
Shh.
Oh, we're sorry.
Ha, ha.
We're off.
I never noticed we
were so different.
Huh?
MULAN: It's like I
don't even know him.
Well, what do you
know about that?
I mean,
I know he's
by the book,
but doesn't the man
ever bend a rule?
And, uh,
speaking of
bending rules...
You know,
relationships are easy
when everything
runs nice and smooth.
Oh, but...
Mulan.
Nice and smooth
just ran out of camp.
What?
Did you know that
almonds, rice and milk
are part of
a complete
breakfast?
Mushu.
I'm just trying to tell you
the princesses
went AWOL, that's all.
Where are
the guards? Oh!
Uh, showing them
the way.
They're together?
Mm-hm.
"Together" together?
Don't you
understand Chinese?
(GRUNTS)
Hey, what about
old Shang-hai?
I think I better
handle this one
on my own.
Shang's on
a short fuse as it is.
Just make sure
nothing wakes him up.
(CHUCKLES)
You can count on me.
(SNORING)
(GROWLS)
(CHUCKLES)
(CHIRPING)
(SCREAMS)
Where are the guards?
The princesses.
(GRUNTS)
Huh?
"My duty is
to my heart"?
(GROANS)
Mulan.
(NEIGHS)
Get your ticket, cricket.
The show's about to begin.
(CHIRPS)
Ow. Oh.
(BAND PLAYING UPBEAT MUSIC)
(CROWD GASPS)
Wow. Look at
all the food.
(SNIFFING) Mm.
We just got in
some excellent ginger.
(SNIFFS)
Oh, ginger.
That goes very well
with dumplings.
Did you say dumplings?
(LAUGHS)
Mm.
How about some
fresh ginseng?
That makes a wonderful
accompaniment to soy beans.
One order
of soy beans.
Mm.
MAN: Hi-ya.
SHI RONGKAI: Unh.
CROWD: Oh!
Ooh.
MAN 1: He's done.
MAN 2: You're done.
Oh, my.
Who will be next to
challenge the
undefeated Shi Rongkai?
Oh.
Step aside.
MEI: Aah! Yao.
Oh, no.
MAN: You'll be killed,
little man.
(SHI RONGKAI GRUNTS)
Aah!
Hee-hee-hee.
(YAO GRUNTS)
(CROWD CHEERING)
So where does he go?
(SHI RONGKAI SCREAMS)
(GASPS)
Yao, you're my hero.
MAN: Little,
like a little gorilla.
(CROWD CHEERING)
BARKER:
Pick a prize, any prize.
(SIGHS)
BARKER:
Which one do
you want, sir?
Give me that one.
(LAUGHS)
LING: Ha-ha-ha,
okay, okay.
Okay, okay,
how about this one?
What does Attila say
when he walks
through the door?
(AS ATTILA)
Hun, I'm home.
(LAUGHING)
(GROANING)
(SIGHS)
(IN NORMAL VOICE)
I give up.
I guess I'm not as
funny as I think.
(LING YELLS)
(SIGHS)
(LAUGHING)
(SNORTING)
Huh?
What a cute laugh.
Oh, no.
I hate my laugh.
What?
It's adorable.
I thought you didn't have
a sense of humor.
No sense of humor?
(LAUGHING)
(SNORTING)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(MEI SIGHS)
MEI:
It's so beautiful.
Yeah.
LING: Ha, ha.
TING TING:
It's the same moon
we see from the palace.
No, this one is
entirely different.
You're right.
MULAN: I know I've never
seen anything like it.
ALL: Aah! Mulan.
I'm listening.
We...
That is...
Uh, all of us...
Oh, boy.
Fa Mulan, it's love.
Yao and myself,
Chien-Po and Su...
And myself and
Lingy Bear.
I mean, Ling.
(WOMEN YELLING)
CHIEN-PO: Hurray.
Group hug.
CHIEN-PO: Hmm.
Oh, I'm so happy
for all of you.
SU: Heh-heh-heh.
(HORSE NEIGHING)
(ALL GASP)
General Shang.
Oh, boy.
(GROANS)
Excuse me,
excuse me,
excuse me.
Don't worry.
I'll handle this.
I'm so sorry to break
up your little party.
Ooh, this is
gonna be good.
MULAN:
Shang, before you
jump to conclusions,
let me explain
the situation.
Fine. Why don't we
start with this?
MEI: Aah!
That's mine.
All yours?
Or did you have help?
"And so, my dear father,
I cannot
complete this mission.
"I have come to realize
that my duty is to my heart."
Now, who does
that sound like?
Mei never meant to
send that letter.
Your Highnesses,
you swore a vow to be
married in Qui Gong.
If your father saw you now
breaking that vow,
what would he say?
(PRINCESSES SIGH)
You three are to escort
Their Highnesses
back to their
tents immediately.
You are to guard them.
You are not to
enter their tents.
speak to them.
Not a word, ever.
Am I understood?
SOLDIERS: Yes, sir.
(ALL SIGH)
Shang, the problem
isn't as bad as it seems.
The problem,
Mulan, is you.
What?
You place your own feelings
above everything.
Duty, obligation, tradition,
it all means nothing to you.
It means everything
to me.
My heart tells me my duty,
and I follow it.
(GROANS)
You're a brilliant
warrior, Shang.
(SIGHS)
You're brave, you're loyal,
but you don't
trust your heart.
Sometimes I wonder
if you even have one.
(GASPS)
This assignment
has made it clear.
We are very
different people.
Maybe too different.
Fine.
We have a mission
to complete.
Fine.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(YAWNS)
Isn't it a great day?
I see Pretty Boy
isn't talking to you.
And you're not
talking to Pretty Boy.
Well, you know
you can always
talk to me.
Huh. Well,
just wait till she realizes
what I've done for her.
Will that frown
turn upside down.
(CHIRPING)
Snapdragon? Huh.
Just for that,
I'm not
talking to you.
(CHIRPS)
We're so sorry
for what we've done,
Fa Mulan.
You inspired us to
follow our hearts.
And we repay you
by ruining
your relationship.
No, you just opened my eyes
to how broken it was.
I'm indebted
to you, Mei.
Keep a sharp eye.
This is bandit country.
(GASPS)
I sure wish we could talk
to the princesses, Yao.
What?
You know we can't.
Heh.
Oh, yes, Ling, I also wish
we could talk to them.
But as you know,
orders is orders.
Yes, but if I could
talk to them,
do you know
what I would say?
No, Ling.
What would you say
if only you could?
I'd tell Ting Ting
that she's the
prettiest, funniest,
most extraordinary
girl I've ever met.
I would tell Princess Su
that she is like fresh ginger
on the rice bowl of my life.
(CHUCKLES)
And I would tell Mei
that she's one right babe.
(CHUCKLES)
Mulan, what do you say
to a little pick-me-up?
My father said
differences can
make you stronger.
He didn't realize
that Shang and I are
just too different.
Well, you know
you always got me.
The old team, right?
Oh. You're always
looking out for me,
Mushu.
Ha, ha, well,
just doing the
best I can.
Really, I just don't
know what I'd do
without you.
You're the best friend
I've ever had.
(GROANING)
(SCREAMS)
Oh, I can't stand it
no more.
The only thing wrong
with you and Shang is me.
I'm the one that
got between you.
What are you
talking about?
It's not like you
made the carriage
go into the river.
Now, that was
an accident.
Following several attempts
at on purpose.
And it wasn't you
outside Shang's tent.
Heh-heh-heh.
You know how I gab.
And you woke him
up after I left?
It wasn't easy neither.
That man can sleep.
Mushu, what did you do?
Well, I was banging
pots and pans.
No. What did you do?
You was getting married.
Everything was gonna change.
I was gonna lose you.
And my pedestal.
You mean, you got
between Shang and me so
you could keep your job?
I'm sorry.
What you did
was unforgivable.
But you and Shang
are so different.
Wait a second.
Not as different
as I thought.
Oh, all those problems,
they weren't us.
They were you.
(SIGHS)
Oh, I've got to
talk to Shang,
tell him I love him.
Mulan, I'll make it
up to you. I promise.
Forget it.
You've helped enough.
Shang. Shang.
It's an ambush.
YAO: Bandits.
SHANG: Close ranks.
Save the princesses.
(GRUNTS)
MEI: Run, run.
You two, get the gold.
BANDIT 1: Come on.
You two, come with me.
BANDIT 2:
I got them.
Shang, I've got
your back.
(GRUNTING)
Take my hand.
Unh.
MEI: Help!
The princesses.
How dare
you touch me?
It won't budge.
BANDIT 3: Then take
the whole package.
MEI: No.
YAO: Get your
hands off her.
(SU AND TING TING GASP)
MEI: Help!
SU: No!
Mei.
Yao!
Hold them off.
Let's go.
MEI: Help me.
(GRUNTS)
Run.
Mei.
MEI: Yao.
(ALL GASP)
Come on.
(MULAN GRUNTING)
(BOTH SCREAM)
(GASPS)
(MULAN GRUNTS)
Let's get out of here.
(BOTH SCREAM)
Shang, hang on.
It won't hold us both.
It will.
It will, Shang.
(GRUNTS)
Mulan.
I'm sorry.
MULAN: Please.
Shang.
Shang!
(CRYING)
Shang.
Fa Mulan,
we're ready to go through
with the wedding.
No.
Your orders are
to take care
of each other.
But...
Losing Shang will
not be meaningless.
No matter what it takes,
I'm finishing this mission.
(WHINNIES)
(SNIFFS)
(SNORTS)
(NEIGHS)
(COUGHING)
(GASPING)
(SIGHS)
Good horse.
CHIN:
What do you mean,
they are gone?
MULAN:
There was an accident,
Lord Chin.
The royal carriage
fell into the river
and was destroyed.
Oh. A grave loss.
ADVISER: Ahem.
Hmm?
Mm-mm-mm.
But it does not
alter my agreement
with the Emperor.
And unless
it is honored,
I will sanction no alliance
with the Middle Kingdom.
A marriage was promised.
And a marriage
there will be.
(COURT GASPS AND MURMURS)
I would be honored
to wed a prince
of Qui Gong.
You?
My Lord, Fa Mulan,
the hero of China.
Oh, a jewel in
your crown far more dear
than three mere princesses.
ADVISORS:
Mm-hm, mm-hm.
Hmm.
This is not
what was agreed.
However,
the Golden Dragon of Unity
smiles upon you today.
And in view of the tragedy,
I will accept your offer.
You will make a fine bride
for my eldest son,
Prince Jeeki.
(GONG RINGS)
(GASPS)
This is her?
She's so old.
Oh.
YAO: Mulan said
she was gonna finish
the mission no matter what.
But how can she
without us?
SHANG:
By taking your place.
(ALL GASP)
CHIEN-PO:
Shang's alive.
YAO:
Shang, you're alive.
You're alive.
MEI: Hurray.
(KISSES)
(SOLDIERS AND PRINCESSES
LAUGH)
Mulan was right.
No one should
marry someone
they don't love.
I'm going to Qui Gong.
We're going with you.
No, you're not.
Stay here.
Hmm. Would you say
that was an order?
I would say it was
a friendly suggestion.
Let's go.
(ALL CHEERING)
Looks like we won't
be a team
after all, Mushu.
Oh, Mulan.
I would give up
1,000 pedestals
if I could stop this.
(CEREMONIAL HORN BLOWS)
I doubt even the
Golden Dragon of Unity
could stop this now.
Goodbye, Mushu.
(CROWD GASPS)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
My people,
the Golden Dragon of Unity,
who guides us in all we do,
today sanctifies
a union that will be
a blessing for
all of Qui Gong.
(CROWD CHEERING)
Huh?
Heh-heh-heh.
(CHIRPING)
Of course
I wanna stop it.
But what can one
itty-bitty dragon do?
With the tying
of this sash,
we shall unite
not only two lives,
but two kingdoms.
(GASPS)
MAN 1:
It's General Li Shang.
MAN 2: He's alive.
(GASPS)
Woo-hoo.
Yeah, Shang to
the rescue.
Lucky for Lord Chin,
because I was
about to whip his butt.
Oh, you're alive.
I couldn't let you
get married without me.
General,
this is outrageous.
You will leave at once.
Unh! I'm not
going anywhere.
What are you doing?
I don't know.
I'm winging it.
How dare you trample
upon this sacred ceremony?
Oh, my gosh,
he's gonna lower
the hammer on Shang.
Where is
the dang Dragon of Unity
when you need him?
(CHIRPING)
Oh, don't bother me now,
Cri-Kee, I...
(GASPS)
I have an idea.
My lord, I love Mulan,
and I don't care
what the rules say.
If she'll have me,
I intend to marry her
right here, right now.
Insolent dog.
Seize him.
Shang.
Mulan.
(ALL SCREAM)
MUSHU:
Yo, what's with
all this drama?
(ALL GASP)
The Golden Dragon of Unity.
He lives.
Mushu?
MUSHU:
Oh, you dang right,
I live.
So you best drop
your dumpling-eating
behind on down
and tell me why we
ain't busting out
the vows already, huh?
But, Your Greatness,
General Li Shang
is not a son of Qui Gong.
MUSHU: Silence!
(SCREAMS)
MUSHU: I am
the Golden Dragon of Unity.
And I decide
whom to unify.
My all-seeing eye has peered
into the very heart of China.
And I've never seen two people
more right for one another
than this lovely
couple right here,
Mulan and Shang.
Give it up for them,
would you please?
(CROWD CHEERING)
Now, I command you
to proceed at once.
Yes, Your Greatness,
as you command.
Now let's get
down to business.
Mulan, do you love Shang?
Of course you do.
Shang, do you love Mulan?
Yes, very much,
moving on.
By the power
vested in me, by me.
I hereby pronounce you
husband and wife.
You got anything to say,
Lord Double Chin?
(SCREAMS)
Yes. I mean, no.
I mean,
whatever you say.
(CROWD CHEERING)
(LAUGHS)
MUSHU:
And furthermore,
I hereby decree
that the princesses
of the Middle Kingdom,
wherever they may be,
are released
from their vow and
may marry
whomsoever they please.
And who pleases them,
that's very important.
Honey pie.
(CROWD CHEERING)
(CHIRPS)
(SIGHS)
I can't believe
I'm back on wake-up duty.
Well, Mulan is happy.
And if she's happy,
I'm happy.
(CHIRPS)
Oh, thank you, Cri-Kee.
I did do good,
didn't I?
FIRST ANCESTOR:
Better get your rest, Mushu.
I have a yoga session
at dawn,
and I don't want to be late
for my greetings to the sun.
And don't forget.
I like to be awakened
from my beauty sleep
with a nice long
foot massage.
(GASPS)
I think I'm gonna be sick.
(ANCESTORS LAUGHING)
(ANCESTORS GASP)
Heh, Shang,
what are
you doing?
Watch and see.
What is he doing?
It can't be.
ACCOUNTANT ANCESTOR:
He's combining
the family temples.
No.
Uh, excuse me, uh,
what does that
mean exactly?
You know, for me?
It means...
Yeah, what, what?
It means what?
Unfortunately,
you get to keep
your pedestal.
Oh, yeah.
I'm back, baby.
I am back!
Unh.
Yes.
Oops.
So this is
the famous Mushu?
Mm-hm.
Somehow I
pictured you bigger.
Say what?
You told him about me?
About us?
Heh, heh. I have no secrets
from my husband, Mushu.
I told him everything.
"Everything" everything?
That's right,
Great Golden
Dragon of Unity.
(CHUCKLES)
I still don't get it.
What does
combining our
temples do?
It gives me back
my pedestal.
Oh. Wait,
but can you do this?
Aren't there rules?
Of course.
Right next to the rules
about dressing up
like a man
and joining the army.
MUSHU: Ha-ha-ha.
Well, what do you know?
This thing just
might work out after all.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Hey, yo,
where's my masseuse?
Saving China gives me knots
like you wouldn't believe.
Ugh.
And what about
my pedicure?
Let's get jamming
on the toe jam, people.
And somebody
heat up some oil.
I don't know
what we're gonna
do with it yet,
but it's gonna be good.
Does a hero dragon
deserve anything less?
Draw my bath.
Warm my towels.
Let the pampering begin.
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ I wanna see
what other girls see
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ Get to be
♪ Na-na-na, na-na-na
♪ Whoa
♪ To wear my old jeans
♪ To eat a whole cake
♪ Feel the sun on my feet
♪ Be quiet
♪ Be crazy
♪ Be anything
I want to be
♪ Dance around
in my underwear
♪ To walk by myself
♪ Do nothing all day
♪ To eat a whole cake
♪ Be cranky
With frosting
♪ No cameras
No pressures
♪ No phoneys
No hair gel
♪ No people who think that
They know me but don't
♪ No platform shoes
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ I wanna see
what other girls see
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ Whoa, whoa
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ I wanna see
what other girls see
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ Get to be
♪ Na-na-na, na-na-na
♪ Whoa
♪ To stay in one place
♪ To sleep until 3
♪ To meet a nice guy
♪ Who likes me for me
♪ No cameras
No pressures
♪ No phoneys
No hair gel
♪ No people who think that
They know me but don't
♪ No platform shoes
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ I wanna see
what other girls see
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ Other girls
♪ I wanna see
what other girls see
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ Whoa, whoa
♪ I wanna be
like other girls
♪ Other girls
♪ I wanna see
what other girls see
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ I wanna be like
♪ I wanna see
what other girls...
♪ Just to be
free like other girls
♪ I wanna be like
♪ I wanna see
what other girls...
♪ Get to be
♪ I'll show you
worlds you've
never seen
♪ The sun and moon
and shadows
♪ The rainbow's arch
The mountain stream
♪ The summer's clouds
♪ And the winter's dreams
♪ I'll play you sounds
You've never heard
♪ The waterfall
The river
♪ The thunder
of the hummingbird
♪ The whisper of the snow
♪ What if you never know
♪ How much you cared
♪ Till you are parted
By a stormy sea
♪ How could I let you go?
♪ How could I bear
♪ My life without you
♪ Here with me?
♪ The world's a door
That's open wide
♪ Because
you're here beside me
♪ And with
the moon and sun
To guide me
♪ Now my heart can fly
♪ Now our hearts
♪ Can be
♪ Free ♪